So this is one of the most common questions asked on a coding interview, and you're given an integer,
let's say one, two, three, and you'll all you need to do is reverse it.
So that will become three to one.
So what you need to do is you need to write a function that takes the integer and returns the reverse
digits.
So, for example, you're given five one, two, and then it's reversed.
It turns into two one five.
So the way we do this is we first we grab the last number, which is to.
And what we need to do, what we really need is twenty one, so there is a simple math formula to accomplish
this.
What we what we do is have two variables to keep track of our results.
The first is reversed.
And the second is current.
And it is the current number, so which is five one to.
And we always start reverse with a zero.
Now the formula is reversed, multiplied by ten plus current number 10, which gives us the remainder,
and then we add these two, which gives us two and stored in a reverse variable.
So let me show you what we need to do is take the reverse, which is zero, and multiply it by 10.
Plus, we need to take the current, which is five one two and marked it by 10, which will give us
the remainder.
So we're going to add these together together, which will equal.
And then we're going to store it in the reverse where you will.
So zero will now come to.
So now we need to remove the last digit from the current number because we already went to the last
digit, so we want to remove it and we will do this by dividing the current number by 10 and then do
madalitso.
So card number is five.
I want to go into divided by 10.
And we're going to wrap this.
Dr..
Which will pretty much give us the fifty one.
And then we update the variable current.
So that will become fifty one.
So now we need to repeat these steps until current becomes zero and reverse becomes two one five.
So, again, what we're going to do is take the.
Reversed, which is true, and we're going to multiply that by 10.
Which will give us 20 and then we're going to add this to the next one.
So the next one is current fifty one.
And we're going to do mark 10.
So it's pretty much fifty one divided by ten, and the more pretty much means the remainder, which
is going to be one.
So we're going to add 20 plus one, which will equal twenty one, and we're going to put that into the
first.
Now, again, we want to take this one.
From the current.
So what we're going to do is same thing.
My thoughts for.
Current is fifty one, divided by 10.
Fifty one divided by 10.
Which will give us five point one and the floor was going to do is remove the remainder, so we'll have
five and we're going to update the current to five.
OK, so then we just repeat the steps again for the last one.
So we're going to take the reverse again, which is twenty one, and we're going to multiply that by
10.
Which will give us to 10, then we're going to add it to the next one, which is current.
And more than.
So that would be zero point five and.
Margaret, give us a reminder so it'll be quiet and we're going to add to 10 to five, equal to 15.
And we're going to put that into the reverse.
So to one five.
So now what we need to do is just take care of the current, which is five, so since we already went
through it, what we need to do is again, Mark.
Dotzler.
And take five, which is current and divided by 10.
So five divided by ten and four, so we do this right here, if I can.
It's a zero point five and Manteuffel will remove the dogfight the remainder, so we'll end up with
zero and that will be our new current.
And that's it, so that's how we get the reversed guys.
So let me show you this in code.
So I forgot to mention that we can also get a negative number.
So what we can do is times that negative number by negative one, which will make it a positive number.
And before we return, we can again look at a variable called is negative and check if the value we
need to return is negative or not.
If it's negative, then we can just do it again by multiplying it by negative one and returning it.
So let me show you.
So create a variable that is negative.
Equals false.
We're not we don't know if it's a negative and then let the worst equals always start with zero, so
we want to check.
So how can we check if the value we're given is a negative?
We have to make sure if it's less than zero.
So if.
X is the value they were given is less than zero.
OK, so what we can do is take these negative.
And make it true.
If it's a negative.
Actually, I can just do this in here, so x.
Times.
X equals X times negative one.
OK, and then this is the way you write it, and that will make it into a positive no.
We have to go through each digit in the numbers, so we have to we we can write a wild statement.
So while.
X is less than zero because our goal is to make the current X into a zero.
So while it's not a zero, we're going to keep going to it.
Keep looking through it.
So reversed.
Will equal.
Reversed.
Times 10.
And then we're going to add.
The current, which is ex lord.
As I've shown you before.
So if you don't understand this, go back in the in the video and watch my explanation again and come
back here.
So what do we do next is we want to.
Remove the last digit of the X, so we're going to do is X equals.
My Dr..
X divided by 10.
And so what is going to do is keep giving you the reversed value every time, and then we're going to
keep updating the current until it becomes zero once it becomes zero.
Right.
It's going to break out of this loop.
And we done.
We just want to return the number.
So there's a couple of things.
We need to do before we return.
So as you can see here in the question, this.
It says, assume we are dealing with an environment which could only store pitchers with 30 to sign
range from this right here to to the power of 30 first minus one for the purpose of this fall, to assume
that your control turns zero when the reverse in pitcher overflows.
So you want to make sure our pitcher is not greater than this.
So let me show you.
So all we need to do is say is the statement if.
Reversed.
Is greater than to and power like this power of thirty first.
Minus one.
Then we do like it says in the instructions, return to zero.
OK, so that takes care of that.
And then we want to return the reverse, so before we were turning viewers, like I said, you want
to make sure if it's a negative, you want to make it into a negative and debt so we can do this easily.
Within one line, so if it's a negative, is it a negative then reversed?
Great times by negative one.
OK, so it was a negative.
There were times, negative one, to make the positive into a negative and return.
Otherwise we can just return the reversed.
And that's a guys, it's that simple, we need to first understand how it's going to look by writing
it down and then convert that written explanation into code, and that's how we can explain to the interviewer
what we're exactly doing and how we got to our solution.
OK, so I have submitted the answer and it has been accepted.
So one thing I did wrong is this was the flaw with capital.
All we need to do is make it into a lower case and then you can submit it.
So please see the description down below for the link to this problem.
This is all for now.
Let me know if you have any questions and join me on the next one.
Good luck.